Lore

---Weapons-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Iron Sword - Forged by the master blacksmith, Darius, this trusty weapon is light,
cheap, and otherwise unremarkable.

Steel Sword - Forged by the master blacksmith, Darius, this sword is superior to its
iron counterpart. They say steel that Darius forges never loses its edge.

Titanium Sword - Forged by the master blacksmith, Darius, this sword is superior to both
the iron and steel versions. Titanium weapons are recommended for seasoned warriors and
hunters who can handle the increase in weight and appreciate the increase in power.

Palladium Sword - The most powerful sword Darius forges, wrought from the exceedingly
rare element Palladium, this sword excels at everything it should. They say when Darius
forged the first Palladium sword, he kept it for himself, marvelling at its luster and
unmatched sharpness. There are only 99 others in existence.

Searing Blade - Long ago, Darius asked the aging archmage Isaac Blackwater if he would
imbue his weapons with magical enchantments. Isaac laughed at the thought of "magical
weapons" but agreed to in an attempt to study its effects. The Searing Blade was an
iron sword imbued with fire, and glows orange like embers.

Cryonic Blade - After commissioning the Searing Blade, Darius asked Isaac Blackwater to
produce yet another enchanted weapon. Isaac agreed to make one other, but having seen the
effects for himself, saw no need to produce another. The Cryonic Blade was an iron sword
imbued with ice, and glows white like daytime snow.

Grass Cutter Blade, Kusanagi - A mythical sword from the Far East, Kusanagi is said to
have been wielded by a god and found inside the tail of a serpent monster. This sword
has a curious habit of finding its opponents weak points, and cuts foes down like tall,
brittle grass.

Sword of St. George - A legendary sword said to have slain one of the mightiest dragons.
Darius has tried for decades to replicate its unmistakable power, but the blade transcends
its own materials and seems to have found the favor of angels.

The Big One - A gigantic sword forged from a Palladium alloy for the statue of Emperor
Kalahadra in the old capital city. They say when barbarians sacked the city at the end
of the Imperial Age, a giant stole the sword from the statue's hands. Exceedingly heavy
and incredibly powerful, only one with the strength to topple a nation could wield it. 

Wooden Staff - A simple, wooden staff designed for spellcasters. The wood is carved with
ancient runes and it's equally effective as a sorcerer's catalyst as it is a walking
stick.

Crystalline Staff - An elaborate staff hewn from translucent blue crystals, this staff
offers superior casting enhancements and is wielded by experienced mages. The crystalline
material shines brilliantly in the light of fire and lightning.

Mageblade - A curious blade with spell catalyzing abilities. This is the perfect weapon
for a spellcaster who needs a little more offensive presence or likes options. Darius
forged the hilt from iron and blue crystals.

Oni Mageblade - A mageblade sealed with the essence of a demon. Interestingly, the demon
doesn't enhance magical capabilities, but the blade does considerably more damage than
any other iron weapon. This is the signature weapon of the Okage ninja clan.

Jupiter, Staff of Dominion - The trusted staff of archmage Isaac Blackwater, himself. It
is the product of a century of rigorous study in the arcane arts, and is said to have been
modified from a staff Isaac stole from a powerful angel in his younger days. This staff
is so excellent at catalyzing spells it can double a spell's power.

Wooden Nunchaku - Simple wooden nunchucks for fast, fluid strikes. The monks of the East
are said to train with these for years upon years until they can perfect all of the
intricate motions and maneuvers.

Iron Nunchaku - Heavier, stronger nunchucks made from solid iron. For more experienced
wielders, this is a weapon that can easily break bones in the hands of a master. The monks
forge these themselves, using a technique passed down from times.

Steel Nunchaku - These are nunchucks designed for war, forged by the great blacksmith
Darius. They say when Darius first travelled the world, he became obsessed with the
weapon designs and fighting styles of the East. A true hybrid of Darius's metallurgical
skill and the graceful design of the monks, these nunchucks both are beautiful and deadly.

Shen Long, Holy Nunchaku - These nunchucks were said to be given to the ancient monks of
the East by the Spirit Dragon Shen Long. With the power of gales and the blessing of
heaven, this was the forbidden weapon used by Master Hong Yun.

Iron Lance - A large iron lance forged by the master blacksmith Darius. Heavier than a
sword of the same caliber, but also more powerful, this is the perfect weapon for a
soldier headed for battle.

Steel Lance - The steel lances made by Darius exhibit unparalled durability. This lance
is superior to its iron counterpart, and was the weapon of choice of Imperial Soldiers
during the Imperial Age. It is said this weapon could pierce shields.

Titanium Lance - While the steel variant was common for soldiers back in the day, a
Titanium lance signifies something more fierce. Darius would forge Titanium lances for
dragon slayers and wealthy mercenaries, and they would never fail to get the job done.

Palladium Lance - The heaviest and most powerful lance forged by Darius from one of the
most precious metals, this is a weapon known to win battles. The Emperor Gaius
commissioned Darius to forge these lances for him and his Royal Guard toward the end of
the Imperial Age. It is not known how many exist today.

Gungnir, Spear of Storms - This mythical spear, once wielded by Odin and forged by
dwarven blacksmiths, is said to command lightning and the power of myriad storms. Isaac
Blackwater once tried to find the spear, coveting the secrets of the powerful lightning
magic imbued within.

---Armor---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Iron Armor - Forged by the master blacksmith, Darius, this simple iron armor is worn by
adventurers, hunters, warriors, and even some who study magic: all desiring a little more
defensive presence in an unforgiving world.

Steel Armor - Forged by the master blacksmith, Darius, this steel armor outclasses its
iron counterpart in terms of defense. This was the armor of choice of Imperial Soldiers,
and some wizened fugitives of justice still fear its signature clanging sounds.

Titanium Armor - The Titanium armor forged by Darius is the mark of experienced fighters.
The barbarians who sacked the capital city were said to have worn this superior armor,
which could allow the wearer to stave off the thrusts of steel lances wielded by most
of the Imperial Army.

Palladium Armor - The exquisite Palladium armor forged by Darius is a status symbol among
the world's most renowned warriors. They say this armor is so durable, it can foil blows
from a dragon and still retain its magnificent form and luster. For those who can pay its
rather steep price and bear its heavier weight, this armor offers an unrivaled defense.

Armor of the Warrior King - This ancient armor predates the Imperial Age, having been
forged by a nameless metallurgist for the Great King, Siegfried. Siegfried's unmatched
prowess on the battlefield led him to conquer most of the known world, and set the stage
for the Imperial Age. It is said this armor has seen more battles than any other.

Enchanted Armor - A staple with assassins and hunters of magical beasts, this special
iron armor is enchanted with an arcane ward that dulls the effects of offensive spells.

Inquisitor's Armor - Toward's the end of the Imperial Age, the Emperor Gaius, fearing the
disloyalty of archmage Isaac Blackwater and his school of sorcerers, commissioned
Inquisitor Simeon Gray, head of the Royal Guard to enfuse Titanium suits of armor with
the same arcane wards of iron Enchanted Armor. The result was a very balanced and
effective defense.

Heavy Iron Armor - Iron armor reinforced with enough plating to withstand much greater
blows, this heavy suit is perfect for when stopping damage is the greatest priority.
They say only Darius could create armor with so much metal and still allow its wearer to
walk.

Heavy Palladium Armor - This armor follows the ideals of the Heavy Iron armor but takes
everything to a higher extreme. The glistening Palladium plates can stand their ground
against chariots, dragons, and even bolts from an Imperial Ballista. Wearing this armor
is a feat in itself.

Juggernaught's Armor - The siege knight Barnabus Westhaus's own portable fortress of
armor. Taking on the title of Juggernaught, it is said Barnabus once fought two and a
half legions of Imperial Soldiers by himself in this armor, and the battle only ended
when a powerful dragon soared in and scorched the battlefield. The Juggernaught walked
away unscathed.

Nimbus Runner's Pants - The humble cloth that makes up these pants doesn't do much to
ward off attacks, but the pants are said to give the wearer legendary reflexes and were
once worn by Master Hong Yun when he ran on top of clouds to reach the Forbidden City.
